what's your first impression really
impressed and I was a fantastic
experience for me to play in a preseason
game against you know a first division
club and for me I'm really impressed by
the fans you know I've never had this
experience in a preseason game to have
so many fans and such such such support
so it was good experience I thought the
team played well and you know it's
always good to win your first game how
does it play with your qualities get a
get here in Antwerp okay yeah for me now
in my career I've been to a few clubs
and now the most important thing for me
is to just take play you know in the
coachee you know he expressed that you
know he had a desired me to come here so
for me I respect Jimmy as a player and
as a manager and so for him to say that
maybe you know I could play a role in
his team but for me that was enough so
yeah me I'm just I'm 21 years awesome
still young but for me now I'm most
important thing is to play and you know
over here in the Belgium league I know
the coach here you know he wants to play
football the right way the way I think
that suits me so yeah I'm really happy
to be an answer the level and Premier
League is a little bit higher than then
here but perhaps it's good for you yeah
I mean you know everyone knows the
Premier League's a great league but you
know there's a lot of quality here in
Belgium you know I think in England now
we respect Belgium so much more because
they're producing so many good young
players so I realize that you know if I
can play here and do well you know
really develop as a player do you have
certain expectations being here in
Antwerp winning promotion or or you know
everyone has their own personal dreams
you know I want I wouldn't say what mine
is obviously I would love to get
promoted but I ferocity we're gonna take
one game at a time and try and push up
the league and do as well as we can what
are the other dreams being a footballer
when you when you get older yeah yeah
I've always dreamed to be in a
footballer so now even today you know I
appreciate playing if it's 10 minutes if
it's 90 minutes I love playing I love
playing the game so the more games for
me the better it's a one team you would
you would love to play when you get
older better I guess you know there's so
many teams in the world and if I could
play you know in the at the top level
one day and that's what when I work
toward I think that's every young
players dream to aspire to be play at
the top level but for me now i'm at
antwerp you know
the notice club is a great history and I
know the fans you know they wanted to be
in the first division so that is my goal
now